Who the hell fired the cloud-piercing arrow?
Big brother himself
Roll aside
Hey, hey, two heroes.
It was the cloud-piercing arrow given to me by Elder Lei
He made me in times of great crisis
Can you release it?
This is Elder Daxia Xueyun
Simon
Violent Goth Bong Lei, the people come here
It turned out to be Ximen's violent brother Jiu Yang
Hey
What baby brother Ximen Bao brother
Your ears are plugged and your wings are hairy, aren't you?
If you say it's useless, I'll kill you, okay?
Master Xu
What's the matter?
Hey, Brother Leopard, hey.
This Jiangdong, this Qiao family
This fall is extraordinary
He framed my eldest son
Seriously hurt my second son
And let our Xu family, Brother Leopard, be destroyed
The quarrel with Lin Fan
Then lower the east and cancel the account.
There is no hurry to close the account
I can give them some color to see